User Stories:
>An erp is used to manage the Resources for college and inventory.Here in college  employees,students,faculty etc . We need a log-in page with verification of the
account . Session time out for security.Forgot password and re-set password . We need an option to change the user name and the details.In KL University we have so
many
branches and programs we have to maintain all the details of the students in well designed managing System so, we use ERP.
>Here we are given with KL University ERP. We need Different types of roles in erp system to manage the students,faculty, and non-teaching staff. Roles to be involved 
are Administrator,Student, faculty and office. The design of the database is to be in a way that it follows all rules of normalization. 
>There is an Administrator role where he has the access to the all roles means the students,faculty and office with read,write,modify and adding user. He has all the
permissions with him.
>Teacher should have a option to mark attendance,upload marks,sharing course material and he should get accessed to the only his class students.
>Office role is there where they can generate reports, status of the students and to maintain the fee payment datails with them.
>Student role is there where he can register for a course and he can choose his sections and the details of the teacher and course ID, course Name, Faculty Name at
the time of the registration.Student have to pay the fee for transport and tuition.

Advantages and DisAdvantages of ERP:
1. Complete Automation
>A robust solution for college management is the implementation of ERP software. It helps the authorities coordinate every aspect of college work. They keep track of 
the students, pupils, coordinators, teachers, tests, fees, and more. It enables easy and quick decision making too.
>The information is available across a single integrated dashboard. This facilitates swift communication between departments. Automation also reduces the chance of
errors that comes from manual work. It eliminates repetitive work for data evaluation and processing. Hence, the ERP software takes on a holistic approach that 
allows comprehensive college management. 

2. Internal Control
>The authorities at every college want to have complete control over the system. They want to be aware and share updates with the rest of the students and faculty.
Besides, they also want information about the ongoing college activities, student performance levels, attendance, institutional effectiveness etc. This is where
implementing the ERP software comes to their instant rescue. You can access all information and data from a single integrated platform. You can operate the 
different modules and keep track of everyday tasks. Thus, it allows complete monitoring of administrating tasks along with robust internal control. 

3. Connection
>The effectiveness of every institute gets lost due to poor connectivity. The authorities should take care of this aspect. By installing the ERP software, you can
communicate to anyone across departments. It prevents rework, time waste and unorganized work. 
>The ERP system is, therefore, a one-stop solution for the colleges. Collaboration is possible beyond the classrooms. This, in turn, will reduce the workload 
significantly. Authorities can coordinate with the teachers, students, their parents. This way, they can ensure a seamless workflow. The aim is to stay connected
anytime and anywhere. 

4. Handle Multiple Branches and Departments 
>Multi-level ERP solutions make it accessible for people to manage different branches of the institution. The same goes for educational organizations like colleges.
You can manage different segments and departments. The principal can evaluate performance levels and monitor class wise activities. This will range from student and
staff attendance, collection of college fees, library fees and more. 

5. Data Management and Security
>It is not possible to manually track every single data daily. This is why you need robust ERP software to automate the proves. A well-built college ERP solution 
will help the institute monitor every operation. This will ensure an unhindered workflow and enhance the efficiency of the institute. You can track single and
multiple records of the students. You can check the college alumni, books, money and other resources. The data is safe for storage than it is physically. 
The authorities can also control access of this data to specified people alone. ERP systems also provide backup methods so you can store all data in files within 
the software. 
>At Lee & Nee Software (Exports) Limited, we design the best ERP software solutions for colleges. Known as Campus Konnect, our ERP software is tailor-made according
to the college verticals and other requirements. The complete ERP offers different modules taking care of online admissions to student exams. You can visit the
website for more information. 

Issues:-
>Most of the issues are faced by the Students where he or she is facing at Fee payment's for tuition or transport or mess. At time of registration not mentioning
on how many courses we need to opt.
