User Stories:
>Enhancing quality of life in your community is essential and our platform, when in your hands, becomes a powerful tool for clean air advocacy. Whether you want
to curtail local polluters or campaign for better quality of life, the AirBeam and AirCasting platform bring visibility to the quality of the air you and your 
community are breathing.
>The credibility of your data is important and control of your data is paramount. The proven accuracy of the AirBeam’s hyperlocal measurements will enable you
to create high-resolution pollution surfaces. Configure the AirBeam to feed data directly to your database or just beam data to the AirCasting platform, where
it can easily be visualized, shared, and exported.
>Our low (and no) cost technologies make the platform an attractive option for all community scientists. Whether you need data for a specific advocacy campaign,
or just want to limit your personal pollution exposures, the AirBeam’s hyperlocal measurements can help you visualize what you’re breathing, add credibility to 
your cause, and guide better daily decisions.
>Bringing AirBeam and AirCasting to your classroom is a proven way of sparking student interest in environmental science and driving civic engagement. Students
gather, analyze, and share data with the larger AirCasting community, applying mapping technology to solve real-world environmental problems via 
community-oriented research projects.
>Pollution, also called environmental pollution, the addition of any substance (solid, liquid, or gas) or any form of energy (such as heat, sound, or 
radioactivity) to the environment at a rate faster than it can be dispersed, diluted, decomposed, recycled, or stored in some harmless form. The major kinds 
of pollution, usually classified by environment, are air pollution, water pollution, and land pollution. Modern society is also concerned about specific types
of pollutants, such as noise pollution, light pollution, and plastic pollution. Pollution of all kinds can have negative effects on the environment and
wildlife and often impacts human health and well-being.

Pollution control:
>The presence of environmental pollution raises the issue of pollution control. Great efforts are made to limit the release of harmful substances into the 
environment through air pollution control, wastewater treatment, solid-waste management, hazardous-waste management, and recycling. Unfortunately, attempts 
at pollution control are often surpassed by the scale of the problem, especially in less-developed countries. Noxious levels of air pollution are common in
many large cities, where particulates and gases from transportation, heating, and manufacturing accumulate and linger. The problem of plastic pollution on land
and in the oceans has only grown as the use of single-use plastics has burgeoned worldwide. In addition, greenhouse gas emissions, such as methane and 
carbon dioxide, continue to drive global warming and pose a great threat to biodiversity and public health.
>Although environmental pollution can be caused by natural events such as forest fires and active volcanoes, use of the word pollution generally implies that 
the contaminants have an anthropogenic source—that is, a source created by human activities. Pollution has accompanied humankind ever since groups of people 
first congregated and remained for a long time in any one place. Indeed, ancient human settlements are frequently recognized by their wastes—shell mounds and
rubble heaps, for instance. Pollution was not a serious problem as long as there was enough space available for each individual or group. However, with the
establishment of permanent settlements by great numbers of people, pollution became a problem, and it has remained one ever since.
>Cities of ancient times were often noxious places, fouled by human wastes and debris. Beginning about 1000 CE, the use of coal for fuel caused considerable
air pollution, and the conversion of coal to coke for iron smelting beginning in the 17th century exacerbated the problem. In Europe, from the Middle Ages
well into the early modern era, unsanitary urban conditions favoured the outbreak of population-decimating epidemics of disease, from plague to cholera and
typhoid fever. Through the 19th century, water and air pollution and the accumulation of solid wastes were largely problems of congested urban areas. But, 

with the rapid spread of industrialization and the growth of the human population to unprecedented levels, pollution became a universal problem.
>By the middle of the 20th century, an awareness of the need to protect air, water, and land environments from pollution had developed among the general
public. In particular, the publication in 1962 of Rachel Carson’s book Silent Spring focused attention on environmental damage caused by improper use of
pesticides such as DDT and other persistent chemicals that accumulate in the food chain and disrupt the natural balance of ecosystems on a wide scale.
In response, major pieces of environmental legislation, such as the Clean Air Act (1970) and the Clean Water Act (1972; United States), were passed in many
countries to control and mitigate environmental pollution.

MileStones:
>Some of the states in india Implemented a rule that they have to use a vehicle not more than 15 years and Some new regulations Like on week ends try to use
Public transport to care for the nation and the pollution

Issues:
>Some people get asthma due to air pollution
>Unnecessary horn may cause some difficulties to the heart patients
>Due to water pollution old people/ children may get water born diseases
